that's so a place with my mom and dad
would say yeah this is my parents home
town good thing they're not here I think
the gig I'm doing tonight we'll give
them a heart attack man iron Chicago
because I'm performing in someone's
house and it's a cooking contest for
gender pack I think it's people cooking
for the betterment of hey she is and she
bees it's people that don't want you to
tell them what their gender is they'll
decide and also maybe they're undecided
at this moment want me just to see that
guys who own the house with their
stories guys girls I don't know people
okay so they've I don't want to be
considered a right no I think that it's
not about being gay it's budge being not
tied down to one gender okay this is
jeff princeton john foley tell me
everything it's just like everybody how
long have you guys let your day what
years oh god was it like this
wow these are two rich power case that
had to be a 45 million dollar house
who's got the cash you were John that's
a very personal exactly how much and
who's got it if you tell me your bra
size oh I will tell you 32d yes give me
the whole rundown Ricky's gonna talk a
little bit up at our work and the
organization and then now you know i
will be making fun of the organization
hope that you will yes good count on
good god I love this bathroom alright so
our next time dirt I get dirt for it
well what what tell me Ricky is having
knocked up um Gina what yeah what are
you talking about mind-blowing wait a
min women Ricky wait which was Gina the
one who gave us the cards and the two
were just sent up the stairs talking I'm
there together why yeah Ricky's a dude
or a woman doesn't wanna fire so what
she's she doesn't want to play your
games either she's not a man or a woman
they're having a baby together adopting
she's pregnant it turns out that Ricky
and Gina are not labeled as men or women
they're just Ricky and Gina now I want
to know if Ricky is a new ginger I'm a
Ricky Gina's woman but date but she
doesn't but he said they're just rush me
and Gina right Ricky does well Gina does
want to be labeled either why do you
have to put them in a box cuz I need to
fit my lying around it somehow all right
very difficult time for a trans person
I'm now having hot flashes and getting
called server which is the worst of all
possible worlds but the good news is I'm
finally morphing into the woman my
mother always wanted me to marry gender
pack is the national gender rights group
one of the things we do is track hate
crimes in the last 10 years more than 50
kids have been murdered because of their
gender identity or gender expression
that's about one every two months often
when you do a charity gig you are
turning down other works so you're
usually compensated in some way I'm
there for the non Jen transgender on Shh
hello gay people and people who don't
want to be put in a box I am going to
have my vagina reassigned
I'm not sure I just I'm actually just
gonna get a younger one I'm gonna have
the vagina of britney spears i'm doing
well not that one that one's been
through some anyway i know you two are
blowing besides each other but there's a
lot of money
star myung you teach him not to kill
each other not to beat each other up let
somebody have a vagina who cares anymore
and if I could have both I really would
I just myself it would be heaven
all right let's start shall we there are
two teams of celebrity chefs teammate
dan smith and Steve McDonough the hardy
boys from the Food Network I had been
the other team and Team B is Karen
Greeson and Shelley young excuse me I'm
sorry to stop you I think there's some
corruption in the judging panel Patrick
just said she has cute hair I'm voting
for the hardy boys are gonna go first I
didn't know if this is what the hell is
this they have to use every single thing
the best so they have 30 minutes to do
everything the cocktail the appetizer
the main course and the dessert they've
already mixed inappropriate things
there's a spotted dick in with fruit
salad that's in an ice cream cup making
a bread pudding that's going to go into
the ugli fruit she'll bring it baby
Kathy stirring the dishes what I don't
think he's ever seen
that's good this is really d-list I'm
performing in someone's kitchen so I'm
now competing with a mixing bowl I'm
ready for the night to end I don't care
what happens I don't care who makes what
fabulous concoction
stirred up
it looks freaking awesome wow girls are
be boys are a but not your favoritism no
no Elsa I'm not defining no one's divine
they were so great and it was staggering
and it was everybody tasted Oh
you are
what every yeah fairy isn't he great
that's why he can't be my ex-husband
does if I can't have him no one can know
I couldn't find you I thought you were
like outside the bathroom this one cake
I kept coming up to me saying how great
you were and that you've been with them
all night was he drunk or in a jacket
yeah yeah he's uh I'm seeing him now I
really like Ricky I thought he she was
really smart